#Day 1 - 02/10/24

    Downloaded python, searched for some tutorial on youtube, to remember python once again (learned python in 11th, 12th).
    Went through all the basic python including the data structures such as lists, tuples, dictionaries.
    Nothing exciting or new for now, hoping to see something interesting soon.

#Day 2 - 03/10/24

    Gonna move onto the Step 3 - Numpy. Followed the link provided in the task pdf, Turned out it's paid (should have mentioned it).
    Found some other video going over numpy. Turned out it was just him going over the functions, pretty boring, felt the official documentation is better.
    Went over that, and started opencv.

#Day 3 - 04/10/24

    Had classes all day, then travelled back home after packing all the luggage, pretty tiring stuff and a pretty unproductive day ;/
    Continued with opencv, just going over the basics and understanding what it can do.

#Day 4 - 05/10/24

    Understand it a bit better, but feel it would be wayyyy better once I start using it in the actual program.
    Still, am starting to understanding how the image processing happens, completed the opencv tutorial thing, i gotta start working on the real problem.
    Because I feel the deadline coming up.

#Day 5 - 06/10/24

    Starting work on the real problem, feel pretty nervous, but let's just start.
    OMG, once I started working, I just kept on going. It feels pretty good, trying one thing after another, I guess working on the real thing is the way to go.
    I tried using Threshold to seperate the houses and stuff. It worked out pretty well. Because the houses were conviniently blue and red coloured.
    Although the same cannot be said about the grass area ;|

#Day 6 - 07/10/24

    The grass area are not just single coloured, the burnt area also had some green in it, threshold wasn't enough to seperate it, I would end up removing some green area if I increase it any more.
    I tried using different types of blurs, in order to remove some of that noise from the burnt area side.
    It did work pretty well till some extent ngl.
    But i have no idea as to how to count the number of triangles, and was thinking of creating a map of whole area of both areas, and using the map over the red & blue houses seperately, to find houses in each area.
    But I can't make the whole area unless i can seperate out the houses, lol. So, I am basically stuck in a loop.

#Day 7 - 08/10/24

    Had classes, then went to open my bank account, and went to lab 1.5 hours late. pretty fun stuff (suffering for 2 hours).
    I didn't really do much today, I don't know why, it just felt wrong to work on the last day, I still was thinking how to solve the problems though.
    It was pretty new and fun experience for me, irrespective of if I get selected or not, I got to learn something new. The mentor guy told me what I didn't know and i can learn.
    Also, I was thinking of how I can atleast do the first part, by making three parts (BGR) adding all the components of the image of different intensities based on the color i want them to be, idk if that's the most optimal way, but whatever, But I didn't do that either today idk why lol.
